Add some clarification about network storage (#27753)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/common-tasks/network_storage.md

  You need to update to Home Assistant Operating System 10.2 before you can use this feature.
</div>

{% else %}

<div class='note'>

>   You need to make sure you run a supported Home Assistant Supervised installation with the latest version of the [os-agent](https://github.com/home-assistant/os-agent), and that your supervisor use [slave bind propagation](https://docs.docker.com/storage/bind-mounts/#configure-bind-propagation) for the data volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You need to make sure you run a supported Home Assistant Supervised installation with the latest version of the [os-agent](https://github.com/home-assistant/os-agent). Make sure that your supervisor uses [slave bind propagation](https://docs.docker.com/storage/bind-mounts/#configure-bind-propagation) for the data volume.
```

{% endconfiguration_basic %}

> <sup>1</sup> _Options prefixed with `[NFS]` is only available for NFS targets._<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>1</sup> _Options prefixed with `[NFS]` are only available for NFS targets._<br>
```

> <sup>2</sup> _Options prefixed with `[CIFS]` is only available for CIFS targets._<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>2</sup> _Options prefixed with `[CIFS]` are only available for CIFS targets._<br>
```

> <sup>3</sup> _For the `CIFS` option only version 2.1+ is supported._<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>3</sup> _For the `CIFS` option, only version 2.1+ is supported._<br>
```

> <sup>4</sup> _Guest access is not supported, you need to supply a username and password to access the share._<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>4</sup> _Guest access is not supported. You need to supply a username and password to access the share._<br>
```

##### Usage types

{% configuration_basic "hassio.network_share.usage" %}
Backup:

>   description: This will become a target you can use in service calls or when manually creating a backup. The first storage you add of this type becomes your new default target. If you want to change the default target, [check out the documentation below](#change-default-backup-location).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This will become a target.  You can use it in service calls or when manually creating a backup. The first storage you add of this type becomes your new default target. If you want to change the default target, [check out the documentation below](#change-default-backup-location).
```

>   description: This will become a target you can use in service calls or when manually creating a backup, the first storage you add with this type will become your new default target. If you want to change the default target, [check out the documentation for that below](#change-default-backup-location).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This will become a target you can use in service calls or when manually creating a backup. The first storage you add of this type becomes your new default target. If you want to change the default target, [check out the documentation below](#change-default-backup-location).
```

Media:

>   description: A new directory with the name you gave your network storage will be created under `/media` this can be accessed by Home Assistant and Add-ons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: A new directory with the name you gave your network storage will be created under `/media`. This directory can be accessed by Home Assistant and add-ons.
```

Share:

>   description: A new directory with the name you gave your network storage will be created under `/share` this can be accessed by Home Assistant and Add-ons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: A new directory with the name you gave your network storage will be created under `/share`.  This directory can be accessed by Home Assistant and add-ons.
```
